All right welcome back my students so the time has come for us to start actually relating the user with
photos.
All right.
So we need a migration for that.
We need to set up our relationship and let's do try to do all that in one lecture right.
You guys already know that's all going to go a little fast on this so don't don't get scare.
Everything is going to be OK.
All right.
You can always rewind the video a positive even put it in slow motion and you can hear me going like
this.
Now we are going to migrate.
All right so you can put this in slow motion if you like.
Even though my students always want me in fast motion.
Oh hey.
Anyway BHB artists can make migration we're going to make a migration as a matter of fact let's make
a model right away and we name a photo.
Yeah I think that's a good name for our model right.
And then the M for creating the migration at the same time.
So we're going to make that model and let's go and synchronizes.
All right cool.
Database migration.
There we go.
All right.
But anyway before we do that now that we have this working guys this is I think this is a good time
to make a commit.
All right.
We can make a commitment and make a comment saying OK we've got other users we can persist data to the
users without photos.
All right.
I think this is a good time to do that.
So let's do that because just in case we get stuck on the next lecture for some reason with the migration
with the relationship or something doesn't work we can always roll back to this where everything is
working right now.
All right.
So let's go into some Russian control get ADD.
And let's just say good commit and message and we're going to aim for message and we're going to say
users
users able to persist
persist
or users.
Bache working with no photos.
Something like that.
All right.
Anther beautiful.
All right so we can always roll back to this.
And we know that
you know everything was working here with it.
Before we try to play around with the photos right.
All right.
So let's go ahead and go to the migration for photos and let's just give it a name or a path and guys
and you can actually create more columns here.
Like for sizing and I show you how to do that how do you get the size out of the image you know you
can plow a lot more information from the image and place it in your database if you want.
All right.
You can display that to the user and that's up to you.
OK.
We can name this file.
All right or path like I've done in other licious change it up a little bit.
Just name a file.
Why not.
All right.
All right cool.
So that's it.
What else will we need.
We need also a.
Which is me.
Let's just do it right now.
Let's do the fillable.
Let's just have available guys arrive fillable and we name it.
File.
What else what else do we need here.
We need also a
relationship.
I told you that we were going to be able to do all this in one lecture.
Sometimes I don't want to make the lectures too long because I don't want you guys to fall asleep I
know you guys time.
Some of you work a nine to five job.
When you come home you're really tired and you're doing this and I really I'm really proud of you for
doing this and I know some of you are really you know your age is out there right you are you are you
over 60 or 70 I give you more props for that.
I really am really proud of you guys.
You know I have kids and you're doing this after you don't barely have any time to do anything else
.
Keep doing the guys you're going to get very far in life.
All right everything you do.
Just keep focusing and learning every single day.
I'm really proud of it.
Really proud of you.
Good job.
All right.
So it belongs to app.
And we're going to do photo.
All right.
So now that we know that we have a photo for the user you're beautiful we have the migration let's migrate
it before we forget.
So let's do BHB oops.
All right.
It's Fiore's and I agree.
All right I think we've got everything here.
We need an answer.
All right cool.
All right.
So we got it down here.
Beautiful So I think that's all we're going to do for this lecture.
I think we did enough and I'll see you in the next one.
Take care guys.